Readsize tutorial edits (#273)
open-ephys/onix1-bonsai-docs: articles/tutorials/tune-readsize.md

> - GPU: NVIDIA GTX 1070 8GB
> - OS: Windows 11

## Hardware Buffer and ReadSize

Data is transferred in `ReadSize`-bytes chunks from ONIX to the host computer.
This `ReadSize` value can be set by the user. If `ReadSize` is so small that

> ONIX produces `ReadSize` bytes of data faster than the host computer can perform

Author: ```suggestion
ONIX produces that amount of data faster than the host computer can perform
```

> ONIX produces `ReadSize` bytes of data faster than the host computer can perform

Author: ```suggestion
ONIX produces that amount of data faster than the host computer can perform
```

a read operation, newly produced data is streamed to ONIX's hardware buffer
instead of directly to the host's RAM. If this happens too much, closed-loop
feedback performance suffers and the likelihood of hardware buffer overflow
increases. However, if `ReadSize` is so large that it takes a long time for ONIX
to produce a `ReadSize` amount of data, a single `ReadSize`-chunk contains data

> from a larger span of time. This increases the average closed-loop latency. The

Author: ```suggestion
to produce that amount of data, a single `ReadSize` chunk of data
spans a larger period of time. This increases the average closed-loop latency. The
```

goal is to set a `ReadSize` that balances these consideration. The rest of this

> section describes ONIX-to-host data transfers in greater technical detail to

Author: I got rid of two `ReadSize

the latency measurements will not reflect the latencies you will experience
during the actual experiment. 

> <!-- ## Tuning `ReadSize` with Real-Time Computation -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

> <!-- ## Tuning `ReadSize` with Real-Time Computation -->

Author: it's just something to do down the line, we can get rid of it
